Setup lakefs on startup using predefined setup parameters (#5962)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/configuration.md

* `plugins.default_path` `(string : ~/.lakefs/plugins)` - Absolute path to the root of lakeFS's plugins location.
* `plugins.properties.<plugin name>.path` `(string : )` - Absolute path to the location of `<plugin name>`'s binary location.
* `plugins.properties.<plugin name>.version` `(uint : )` - Version of the `<plugin name>` plugin. The version must be > 0.

> * `setup.user_name` `(string : )` - Admin username used to setup lakeFS on startup. Limited to working only with local database. The initial admin `setup.access_key_id` and `setup.secret_access_key` are required for the setup. 

Reviewer: Consider putting this under `database.local` configuration.
For example: `database.local.setup.user_name`

Author: Thought about moving these under `installation` and not under specific database, in case we will enable this feature to all environments and it will not require configuration migration.
WDYT?

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> * `setup.user_name` `(string : )` - Admin username used to setup lakeFS on startup. Limited to working only with local database. The initial admin `setup.access_key_id` and `setup.secret_access_key` are required for the setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `setup.user_name` `(string : )` - When specified, an initial admin user will be created when the server is first run. Works only when `database.type` is set to local. `setup.access_key_id` and `setup.secret_access_key` are required when this is specified. 
```

> * `installation.user_name` `(string : )` - When specified, an initial admin user will be created when the server is first run. Works only when `database.type` is set to local. Requires `setup.access_key_id` and `setup.secret_access_key`. 

Reviewer 2: @nopcoder, noticed this change in the release of `v0.105.0` and I suspect the documentation of this one is incorrect?

Documentation now says: "Requires `setup.access_key_id` and `setup.secret_access_key`."

But, should this not instead say: "Requires `installation.access_key_id` and `installation.secret_access_key`."?

Author: Right - Thank you! I will push a fix by next week (PTO)
